hey guys check out my new shoes
according to each ah it clearly does not
pay attention to my shoes we knew I got
these shoes a year ago but clearly no
one's noticed them for a whole year
is there like hate you got new shoes I
wear them I've worn them quite a few
times in the past few weeks so no one
pays attention to my Footwear clearly
[Music]
so Tim's been starting another fire this
time Tim has started fire in our lecture
theater it's it's something new and like
but don't know if you costume might
match a few weeks ago Tim started to
fires in our staircase the far along one
of two times in Tim's room so ya know
it's been a fire alarm in the lecture
everyone was just heading off ok so just
got a free hot chocolate and that's pie
while we're waiting outside
since the farallon's so it's not too bad
to deal really we've been doing mostly
we do real good we had a fire alarm
today in our market lecture those are
really fun I mean for free I just go
back into my room collapsed on my
armchair oh this week is too much this
week is so much like who would have
thought that like the last week of term
is the busiest week of the whole term
it's actually crazy that if you could
see my diary and see where to do this
you would be you would be panicking with
me it's been a busy day today I've had
obviously lectures this morning and I
had a super vision this afternoon and
I've got to go to another super vision
in about half an hour's time for anyone
who's new a super vision is a small
group teaching session it's me and
either one or two other students and a
Teaching Fellow or PhD student or
someone who knows your subject who
basically teaches you you get set
questions each week or at least for my
subject you do and then you go along and
you go through the questions and you
discuss what you've been doing and
lectures with them and it's an
opportunity to ask questions cuz
obviously intellectually you can't just
stick your hand up and go wait hey stop
there I don't understand that
whereas in supervisions that you can you
can proper get a good understanding of
the material so they are really good
unlike my supervision that I've just had
was really really helpful because I did
not understand the stuff in
as I was going through the lecture notes
I had a kind of inkling of what was
going on but I hadn't fully grasped it
but after that super I've got a much
better understanding of the stuff for
those who are interested it was on
Fraunhofer diffraction and getting
diffraction patterns from convolving
functions and that jazz
the reason this week is extra busy is
because I obviously have my super work
supo is supervision but we just called
them supers for sure I also have a lab
report to write and I've got a rowing
race next week so I've got tons of
outings at the moment because it's like
the big rowing race at the end of term
so it's getting prepped for that and
then it's bridge miss formal it's Tim
and asteroids birthday party it's it's
everything is on everything is on at the
end of term so I've got obviously pack
for when I go skiing next week as well
it's fun things as well like it's not
I'm not just busy with work I'm busy
with stuff that I'm doing for fun it's
just it's just all happened to fall in
this last week of term typical I've got
it all written out like how I'm going to
plan my time so as long as I stick to
shed jewel it should be fine
and so this is ly deserted 1b lab those
labs have finished a pattern but I am
here to collect my lab book basically we
have to write a lab report or one of the
practicals who did this term
unfortunately and it's due in like a
week's time so I need my book mine's in
here
firk obtained now I've got supervision
in West Cambridge dose it was worth
cycling out here so the good news is I
got a 19 out of 20 on the last practical
of turn
that's a PB for me you know so it's good
news unfortunately I can't write that
one up which is a bit ridiculous
but whatever it's getting dark and
you'll be like what time is it but it's
actually only four o'clock it's game
dark so depressing yeah this is the most
beautiful part of Cambridge look at this
lovely architecture went to dinner that
evening in Jesus CAF the cafeteria Tim
thinks Carly Rae Jepsen is good everyone
everyone go give Tim Helens on that
sites emotion is a mosque it is so
I don't have a strong opinion on the
matter you making a mess so Tim and AD
I've been making a mess behind them
very very naughty
hello so I've just been to my pigeonhole
and I've got something very exciting an
invitation to the Masters Lodge now
these invites don't come along too often
I've only got one once before the master
and mrs. white requests the pleasure of
the company were paid yollop at a
breakfast for members of the Jesus
College first and second boats on Monday
the 26th of November 2018 in the Masters
Lodge invited to the Masters Lodge for
breakfast the perks of being in the Boat
Club
so now be nice it's 7:45 to 9:00 see I
do have a lecture at 9:00 but we may
have to be a few minutes late to the
lecture we'll see but no that's very
exciting I'm gonna pin that up on my
notice board if I can find space as you
can see it's a pretty full notice board
but we'll make it work this evening I am
going to make a start on my lab report
because yeah it I need to get done
before I leave for ski trip in it's
literally a week today that I leave the
ski trip so I need to get the lab report
in before that so I'm gonna get started
to avoid last-minute panic
hello everyone and welcome to another
laundry segment I have a new guest star
today some of you may know her as the
Astrid Francesca
so asteroid has got a channel link will
be in the description also subscribe
I've got my laundry I'm doing some
colors today I've got my powders I've
got my color catchers we're gonna do the
normal laundry dream professional I know
right and thank you to those of you on
instagram who have sent in questions is
second year a lot more intense than
expected
it's very intense but it's what I was
expecting because the way that English
course works in second year we do
dissertations and portfolios it's very
cool smart heavy and at the same time
when cantering won with a lot of the
stuff from first year and then when it
comes to exams I'll fast during second
years all examined at once so I like
this a lot well you have passed your
exams we didn't but we have so yeah it's
stressful because I knew it was gonna
happen and like we choose to take one
extra stuff as well like making YouTube
videos
6:34 a rowing machine how do you know if
you picked the right course for you I
still don't know and I think that
if I was me yeah yeah yeah sure morning
so as you can probably tell I'm just
heading off to the boathouse for rowing
outing hopefully it will only be two
hours and then I'm gonna get back to my
lab report I have made a start on my lab
report this morning when I say start
like I haven't got that far with it but
a lot of starting off was just reminding
myself of like what I need to include
and reminding myself of the actual
experiment I'm writing up so now I've
got there I feel like it should flow
much quicker now so I'll get back to
that after the outing I lost my hat on
the river oh my god so we were like just
going along yeah rowing with all I was
minding my own business I was perfectly
happy they were rowing I was sitting
there talking to them and steering the
boat with my little steering controls
and then a branch from a tree picks up
my hat and takes it with it so the boat
keeps going
it's behind this hanging on a tree
branch it was comical it's like there's
sort of funny things you see in films
that don't actually happen but it
actually happened and I was like right
we need to reverse everyone back it down
take strokes backwards I need to go back
for my heart but it's fine I managed to
retrieve my hat
but yeah nearly lost my wooly hat on the
river at least they didn't fall in the
river like it just hung on the tree
branch so there you go that was the
excitement of the day also it's a stir
it's birthday today
I saw Astrid this morning briefly at the
boathouse I said happy birthday but also
there's a party going on this evening to
celebrate Astrid
Anton's birthdays because Tim's birthday
it was a week ago and asked his birthday
yesterday so they're having a joint
party this evening so that's something
to look forward to lots of people are
coming to our staircase and we're having
a big party in the staircase which
should be good I'm really excited for it
ok so lab report writing is in full
swing like I'm actually making progress
now so get me my aim is to finish
writing the method section by dinner
time because it would be really good if
I can just have that bit done yeah and I
don't know why but I'm in such a good
mood this afternoon like literally all
afternoon when I got back from my rowing
outing I was jumping around having a bit
of a shimmy just singing humming to
myself you know and like I'm sitting
here humming Christmas songs to myself
right now even though it's only November
so don't judge me guys yeah I mean just
such a good read I don't know why
because I've got so much work to do but
like nothing can get me down today it's
great to be honest the most important
thing this week is the lab report
because what counts towards my final
grade the lab report there's anything
else count towards my final grade No so
it's not a priority let's face it so you
know I am gonna put some time into my
other work this week obviously I'm gonna
go to lectures obviously I'm going to go
to sea provisions obviously I'm going to
do the work that's set for them but I
might not put quite so much time into
that work as I would normally because I
need to prioritize this lab report it
just makes sense
so yeah hello as so I'm ready for Tim
and asteroids birthday party this
evening I'm really excited like yay
I've actually put makeup on again like
it is still me I have just transformed
myself you're probably not used to be
looking prison
- bull on the books these days cuz let's
face it I am looking pretty awful most
of the time because I just haven't had
time to put makeup on these days I'm
like I'm Paige I always wear makeup so
you know I've been busy when I haven't
had time to put makeup on but anyway
it's been nice to get back to my makeup
and yeah it's gonna be a good evening
I'm not going out after but I'm gonna
have a great party in the staircase and
yeah I'm gonna go downstairs get my diet
coke out while everyone else has their
alcohol and have a
[Music]
which
so I dismiss you
[Music]
some vinegar sticks go to bed it's about
midnight but I'm calling it a night
sleep yeah I think a few people are
going out so yeah it's actually been
quite refreshing not drinking this
evening and watching everyone else get a
little bit drunk I'm pleased because it
means I can set my alarm for a
reasonable time tomorrow morning and get
my lab report done that's what we love
I've also got to go to the shops to get
my Secret Santa present because it's
bridge must day tomorrow
bridge --mess is the 25th of November
one month earlier than Christmas and
it's when we celebrate Christmas in
Cambridge since all the students go home
for the holidays yes I'm doing my
Bridgman shopping on bridge mistake I'm
quite excited for my own Secret Santa
present to wear actually I wonder what
the person has got me it will probably
be quite a jokey present the way we're
doing it is like the gifts are kind of
more jokey we've got a five-pound spend
on them it's not gonna be anything too
nice but it's just a bit of fun really
good tip my party hat off though I might
keep this on my shelf as like a memory
of the Tim strid Tim and Astrid birthday
bash this year so yeah thank you Tim and
Astrid for throwing a fab party and
Merry Brijnath everyone I'm so excited
I've got my Christmas jumper on today
and I'm leaving my lab report stuff here
taking a break from writing it when I'm
going to the shop snout by my Secret
Santa present okay
Secret Santa presents have been obtained
we've had success I've also bought
myself some more pencils because all of
mine are like this length now and I
haven't bothered to buy any new ones all
term so it was a desperate situation
I think I'm gonna rap the Secret Santa
presents after I've had lunch because I
think we're going to go to catholic
since it's bridge missed a dinner it's
roast lamb and mint sauce as well so i'm
very excited it's my favorite
this is one of the tastiest meals I've
had all term I've just got back into my
room after a great lunch actually oh I
do love my roast dinner and I've got a
parcel I don't even know what it is I'm
like did I buy something and then forget
I bought it so like who knows oh my god
hi Paige hope you have a wonderful
brittleness and festive time later David
some headphones thank you so so much
David because Wow oh that's so so nice
of you honestly I'm so grateful you
really didn't get me a present
Wow Wow
oh my god French Miss is amazing I'm not
freaked me so much Wow oh my god I'm
literally hide I'm finally getting
around to wrapping my Secret Santa
presents up but first let me show you
it's a massive bread roll and like why
have you got someone a bread roll for
Secret Santa but basically I got Tim and
Tim really likes bread like he mostly
lives on a diet of bread I know it's not
healthy but like he just likes bread a
lot so the joke's on that right yeah
well I think he actually will enjoy
eating it to be honest over the next
week next thing line color pens try and
get him on to using colored pens in his
lecture notes so you can have pretty
lecture notes like mine and then
highlighters we are wrapping up in
newspaper because we've all agreed to
like safe the environment and not use
wrapping paper so newspaper is
[Music]
[Laughter]
context this happened to me last year I
mock useless vegetable
[Music]
[Laughter]
yeah
teacher so I just locked myself out for
the first time this time and the only
shoes I have are these slippers so I'm
going to have to walk to plug in these
slippers to get the lookout key why I
nearly made it through a whole turn
without locking myself out so I am back
in the staircase with my locked out card
you have to go to the porters you have
to get a card they then give you access
to your room on my card so you can get
back into your room get your card and
then I have to go back to the porters
with this looked out card that's all
it's all wasting a lot of time really
I've got burnished shoes to go out in
now so I'm gonna return my looked
outside and I've got my normal card back
well that was a waste of time I love
looking myself out and having to traipse
backwards and forwards to the porters
Lodge to get a spare key reminds me why
I make sure I don't do that that often I
think I'm gonna end this week's look
here thank you very much for joining me
this week thank you for watching this
vlog please do give it a like and
subscribe if you enjoyed it hit the
notification bell so you can see when I
upload new videos more vlogs will be
coming yeah just do subscribe really
stick around to see more of me please
I'd appreciate and yeah that's it from
me merry bridge miss everyone bye
you